add My Verizon (#72)
riverar/wsa-app-compatibility: README.md

| MX Player | 1.40.9 | ✅ | | |
| MX Player Pro | 1.39.13 | ⚠️ | App crashes, but videos can be played from external sources ||
| 米游社 (mihoyo Chinese Community) | 2.14.1 | ⚠️ | The app might lag when inserting a photo into a new post |

> | My Verizon | 16.4.2 | ✅ || the page is sideway for a second when opening the app and then turn vertical(which is the correct way it should display in) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| My Verizon | 16.4.2 | ✅ || The page might be displayed sideways for a short amount of time when the app is launched. The app automatically reverts to correct orientation in a second. |
```
